the uncomfortable if I tell you already went to record
the repeated issues and despite trying
wrong to write at the time and
it took a lot
this is a very clear example
super classic when you're talking
more than someone is behind tyc another
classic moment of discomfort is how
you're with a party at the meeting very
enjoy with your boyfriend and once he enters
your ex
you have to present it but you have to
know how to take nadal or people
Just look, I'll introduce you to Barbara my
ex girlfriend
well that was a super uncomfortable moment
well as I tell you and I did not know
even where to stop you have to decide
how to greet the beard of the other
tremendous another super uncomfortable moment that
I think it has happened to all of us
you fall in public
Yes Yes Yes yes Yes
ah
another super uncomfortable thing is when you're
talking to someone and you get the
You drool and spit on you and there's here or
here is this one that was in the store and
I remembered you because there were two
igualitos chavos to you who were
playing also that is raining
although I did not tell them, a disc came out
well good of such an axel muñiz that is
very sings very well
and tell me how you have been not
I know if I tell him how to tell him that you're
seeing that a deluge of his
mouth another very typical case that comes
related is bad breath there are people
to which the metal and smells really bad
mouth either because if they ate tacos with
a lot of onion or because simply
they do not wash their teeth
and what do you do here to the person who
even more mouth
it smells bad but it seems that it is
doing so
I said
he said yes but before he told me that
I told
and then it's so much the smell that comes out
his mouth that seems to be made to you
purpose but good leaving things
disgusting from one side other very moment
uncomfortable is when you're talking about
something serious with someone and the soul goes
it makes you laugh but it is badly accessible
another day I saw you with someone
what is being unfaithful yes you laugh
I do not do anything funny to him
and here we leave it